# An S4 class to Hold Genome Track Data

An instance of this class is created by calling "bb_makeTrace". All
slots in this object are GRanges objects. Validation checks will make
sure data, peaks, links, and gene models all are bound by the same plot
range on the same chromosome of the same genome. This is different from
the standard GRangesList object in that each slot can have it's own
metadata columns. Currently, hg38 and danRer11 are the supported
genomes. Use this class to plot coverage tracks from bulk or single cell
ATAC, CHIP, or similar experiments. Link plotting is available for
cicero-style links.

## Slots

- `trace_data`:

  A GRanges object with a metadata column for "score" or "coverage"
  intended to be plotted as a y-variable. Metadata variables may be
  included to annotate color and and facets in the final plotting. This
  is particularly important for single cell data or when combining bulk
  tracks from different samples. Whole sample bigwig files can be
  converted to GRanges objects using import.bw from rtracklayer. All
  track data is trimmed during import but pre-trimming to the
  approximate range desired will significantly speed up processing. The
  plyranges package is recommended for granges manipulations such as
  filtering by chromosome, adding metadata and binding GRanges objects
  together. Bulk tracks from different samples should be pre-normalized
  before importing.

- `peaks`:

  A GRanges object containing peaks to plot in a track-style format.

- `links`:

  A GRanges object with Cicero-style links.

- `gene_model`:

  The gene model for plotting. Will be automatically generated by
  bb_makeTrace.

- `plot_range`:

  The master GRange for the whole object. Validity checks and/or
  constructors ensure all other ranges are contained within.
